What is up guys and what KMAX and I can see that we are also on our blog right here.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to log myself out.
OK.
And now we will be moving on with the e-commerce website.
So basically let's discuss that what is an e-commerce Web site OK.
If we go to eBay dot com OK or we go to Amazon.com.
OK.
You can see that we have these type of websites.
Well very fair that people can buy anything.
OK.
If they want to buy this purse or back or whatever you want to say OK they can buy it.
So they just click here you can see this is the product so we have a specific page for our product and
the people can select the color from them.
OK.
So if I want to select this color ok I selected this color ok and then I wanted the size so I need the
size to be medium.
OK.
And then you can see that this is right here.
I'm just going to do.
I'm going to click add to card.
This product is going to be added to my card.
I'm going to hit proceed to checkout.
OK.
And then I have to enter my e-mail address my password and then I have to enter my shipping address
and then I have to just enter my credit card information.
And then this address that's the guy that received the payment.
And then he will ship that to me.
OK.
So this is what I'm talking about that how can we build e-commerce websites like this.
You guys are going to enjoy this section so much because e-commerce Web site are really very amazing.
OK.
So it seems like this we have Ebury here.
If I just click shop now you can see it's going to take me into the shop page and you can see that if
I like this one if I like this one if I like anything from them.
OK so I just like this if I like this this or anything ok then I can buy it.
So let me just show you that.
How can you buy anything.
So I'm just going to buy
like iPhone cover right.
So let's just buy iPhone correct and let me show you how basically everything is done.
So I'm just going to grab a cover that is not too much expensive.
OK.
This one you can see this is cover that we have for a here.
I'm just gonna buy it.
OK.
I'm going to click here.
You can see this is right here.
I'm going to buy it from them.
I'm just going to buy it.
Now I have to select the color.
OK.
I want to select Let's suppose that I want to select the color to be black.
And the model for the model I want to select I want success because I have the success right now.
OK.
And then what I'm going to do I'm just going to hit buy it now.
So it's going add this to card tray here for me.
And it's going to take me to the new page where I have to just connect with myself for the paper.
I have to enter my email address my password and then I can pay with PayPal.
OK.
So we can also painted these cards as well.
You can see that we're here we have the stuff and it's going to change address
it shipped to this address.
OK ship to this address and here we go.
Everything is looking totally OK toy cool and and see that we have a building to this point nine nine.
So what the person will do I'll just come here.
I'll just sit here and then he'll be redirected to Pay-Pal OK where he has to enter his email address
and then he has to have a password.
So I'm going to go ahead I'm going to hit and I'm going to enter my password right here.
OK.
And then I'm going to hit a log in.
So it's it's going to log me in and then I have to process the stuff and then I have to hit and then
the payment will be done.
And then you will see everything will be done so you can see this is the right here.
This is PayPal policies matter and everything and I see people conversion rates.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to continue and it's going to continue.
And then send me the pay in everything.
So let's just.
So here we go you can see that it's saying thank you for your purchase right now.
OK.
This is right here.
I can see that I've also got a notification from the eBay right here or some of the people you can see
that this is saying that you have sent them that e.
I hope that you can see it right now.
The auto focus auto focus is right running.
So you can see that I have done this and again see that if I just go to my account right there
or if I just go to my summary.
Basically OK.
I want to go to my summary
in arrogancy that I have ordered this one right here.
So this is it's estimated delivery is this and this is right here and you can see that feedback has
been received from the seller and you can see that everything is I have a panel right here OK am I can
view it I can also see that this is the estimated delivery and this is what the item price was.
This is my order.
I buy.
I bought this and these are the messages as well I can send messages to the sellers and everything.
So we basically want to create a website like this.
Not this much.
This is a very heavy website.
They have so many sellers like there.
You want to create and you can create that as well but we will be creating a normal web site for a person
who has an online shop who has a shop basically a physical shop and he wants to shop there or if anyone
wants to start a drop shipping company and also show them how they can do that and everything OK.
So let's just go ahead and let's start with this so you can see that this type of Sabeel will be creating
these Web sites are called basically e-commerce Web site or online store.
People can purchase online.
OK.
So we will be moving on this.
So first of all what you have what we have to do is that we have to go with a WordPress plugin you can
create a new subdomain name.
OK you can see that WordPress is already installed and I have a name to my site my e-commerce site and
just another WordPress website so we will be working on with this web will be changing this whole website
into the e-commerce site.
I'll show you how can you receive payments from Pay-Pal.
And also I'll show you how can you integrate some other payment gateway to accept credit cards live
on your website but you need some.
There are some requirements for that.
I also show you each and every thing so Stadion guys and in the next video we will start building this
type of e-commerce site.